Let us know how you can book annual health checkup with ICICI Lombard
with Mr. Policy.  Call the number shown on the screen
from your registered number and
say Annual Health Checkup Book.  After speaking,
you will receive the link on SMS.  Click on the link
and enter your registered mobile number.
To book a new appointment,
go to Book New Appointment.  And
select policy number and member name
and click on proceed.  Be
sure to recheck the contact details and proceed
after entering the alternate number and email ID.
Select the appointment date
and you can choose either home visit or centre visit.
After rechecking the address,
select the diagnostic center and proceed.
Your health checkup is now booked.  Follow
Mr. Policy for more informative
videos.